add new question to Portal FAQs to explain why newly deployed tokens are not showing up on Portalbridge UI immediately (#640)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: products/token-transfers/wrapped-token-transfers/portal/faqs.md

![](/docs/images/products/wrapped-token-transfers/portal-bridge/faqs/portal-wallet-address.webp){.half}

This field is optional. If left empty, the tokens will be sent to your connected wallet.

> ## Why is the token that I deployed using the WTT / NTT framework not showing up in the Portalbridge UI?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why is the token that I deployed using the WTT / NTT framework not showing up in the Portal Bridge UI?
```

I think we've always referred to it as Portal Bridge, two words. Please let me know if this is not correct though!

>  While deploying tokens to new chains via Wormhole is fully permissionless, these tokens do not automatically show up on the [Portal](https://portalbridge.com/){target=\_blank} UI. Wormhole Contributors maintain discretion in configuring tokens for Portal to prevent abuse. You can quickly spin up your own UI for token transfers using Wormhole Connect. See the demo repositories to get started: 
>  - [**Basic Connect Demo**](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/demo-basic-connect){target=\_blank}
>  - [**NTT Connect Demo**](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/demo-ntt-connect){target=\_blank}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While deploying tokens to new chains via Wormhole is fully permissionless, these tokens do not automatically show up on the [Portal](https://portalbridge.com/){target=\_blank} UI. Wormhole Contributors maintain discretion in configuring tokens for Portal to prevent abuse. You can quickly spin up your own UI for token transfers using Wormhole Connect. See the demo repositories to get started:

- [**Basic Connect Demo**](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/demo-basic-connect){target=\_blank}
- [**NTT Connect Demo**](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/demo-ntt-connect){target=\_blank}
```

The line break ensures that the list items render correctly. Otherwise, it looks like this: 
<img width="834" height="87" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-01 at 4 52 20 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2442787f-0286-4f09-a463-30768bbb7734" />
